Add ability to avoid group reduction operations for 64-bit arithmetic data types (#1360)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: cmake/README.md

| ONEDPL_AOT_ARCH              | STRING | Architecture options for ahead-of-time compilation, supported values can be found [here](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/oneapi-dpcpp-cpp-compiler-dev-guide-and-reference/top/compilation/ahead-of-time-compilation.html)                                                                                            | "*" for GPU device and "avx" for CPU device |
| ONEDPL_TEST_EXPLICIT_KERNEL_NAMES   | STRING | Control kernel naming. Affects only oneDPL test targets. Supported values: AUTO, ALWAYS. AUTO: rely on the compiler if "Unnamed SYCL lambda kernels" feature is on, otherwise provide kernel names explicitly; ALWAYS: provide kernel names explicitly | AUTO          |
| ONEDPL_TEST_WIN_ICX_FIXES     | BOOL   | Affects only oneDPL test targets.  Enable icx, icx-cl workarounds to fix issues in CMake for Windows.                      | ON            |

> | ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION | BOOL | Avoid using known identity for 64-bit arithmetic data types                       | UNDEFINED     |

Author: @dmitriy-sobolev which proper type for this option `ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION` we should declare?

Reviewer: "Known identity" looks like an implementation detail, it may confuse a user, because the consequences are not apparent.
What do you think about adding a line into the description which would highlight/imply a consequence of using this workaround and refer known issues section?

I suggest something like: "Fall back to more general, usually less optimized, implementations of reduction-based algorithms for 64-bit types. Refer to 'Known issues' section for more details".

Author: This proposal has been applied.
@akukanov Do you like this text?

Reviewer: Sorry for not answering the original question. I thought about a default value, rather than a type.

I am fine with `BOOL` since there is a precendent with `ONEDPL_USE_UNNAMED_LAMBDA`, which can also have "true", "false" and "non-defined" states. I am a bit confused since it can accept any value (it is not limited to "bool"), but I am not aware of a better alternative.

> | ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION | BOOL | Avoid using known identity for 64-bit arithmetic data types                       |               |

Reviewer 2: The description gives a developer perspective to the issue, which likely means little for users. It should be meaningful for those who might experience the issue.

Author: Fixed

> | ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION | BOOL | Use as a workaround for incorrect results which may be produced by reduction algorithms with 64-bit data types compiled by oneAPI DPC++ Compiler and executed on GPU devices. |               |

Reviewer 3: My suggestion (please cite the compiler correctly, if you are referencing the open-source compiler, you can drop the Intel(R)) :

| ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION | BOOL | Use as a workaround for incorrect results, which may be produced by reduction algorithms with 64-bit data types compiled by the Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler and executed on GPU devices.

Reviewer 2: It's either compiler, and we do not want to name both here. Since Intel's compiler is derived from the open source one, I prefer to mention the upstream one. The name is taken from https://github.com/intel/llvm/blob/sycl/README.md.

Reviewer 3: That is fine by me, but please cite it correctly: oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler

> | ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION | BOOL | Use as a workaround for incorrect results, which may be produced by reduction algorithms with 64-bit data types compiled by the Intel&reg oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler and executed on GPU devices. |               |

Reviewer: "Intel&reg" does not render well at "View File" tab. It will likely remain so if merged as is. @SergeyKopienko, could you fix it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION | BOOL | Use as a workaround for incorrect results, which may be produced by reduction algorithms with 64-bit data types compiled by the Intel&reg; oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler and executed on GPU devices. |               |
```

> | ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION | BOOL | Pass `-DONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION=1` for workaround incorrect results which may be produced by ``reduce``, ``reduce_by_segment`` and ``transform_reduce`` with 64-bit types when compiled by Intel� C++ Compiler 2021.3 and newer and executed on GPU devices. |               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION | BOOL | Use as a workaround for incorrect results which may be produced by reduction algorithms with 64-bit data types compiled by oneAPI DPC++ Compiler and executed on GPU devices. |               |
```
